David Meltzer	Continuous glucose monitoring and intensive treatment of type 1 diabetes
David Meltzer	Communication failures in patient sign-out and suggestions for improvement: a critical incident analysis
David Meltzer	Delivering affordable cancer care in high-income countries
David Meltzer	Accounting for future costs in medical cost-effectiveness analysis
David Meltzer	What does the value of modern medicine say about the $50,000 per quality-adjusted life-year decision rule?
David Meltzer	Effects of physician experience on costs and outcomes on an academic general medicine service: results of a trial of hospitalists
David Meltzer	Impact of interpreter services on delivery of health care to limited-English-proficient patients
David Meltzer	Recommendations for conduct, methodological practices, and reporting of cost-effectiveness analyses: second panel on cost-effectiveness in health and medicine
David Meltzer	Hospital readmission in general medicine patients: a prediction model
David Meltzer	Patient-physician communication about out-of-pocket costs
David Meltzer	Patient perceptions of quality of life with diabetes-related complications and treatments
David Meltzer	What do we really know about whether health insurance affects health
David Meltzer	The effect of the Medicare Part D prescription benefit on drug utilization and expenditures
David Meltzer	Use of a self-report-generated Charlson Comorbidity Index for predicting mortality
David Meltzer	The impact of health insurance on health
David Meltzer	Coordinating care across diseases, settings, and clinicians: a key role for the generalist in practice
David Meltzer	The role of anxiety in prostate carcinoma: a structured review of the literature
David Meltzer	Do important drugs reach the market sooner?
David Meltzer	Some reflections on cost‐effectiveness analysis
David Meltzer	Estimate of the carbon footprint of the US health care sector
Ariel Kalil	Barriers to the employment of welfare recipients
Ariel Kalil	Early‐childhood poverty and adult attainment, behavior, and health
Ariel Kalil	Good things come in threes: Single-parent multigenerational family structure and adolescent adjustment
Ariel Kalil	Mixing qualitative and quantitative research in developmental science: Uses and methodological choices.
Ariel Kalil	Diverging destinies: Maternal education and the developmental gradient in time with children
Ariel Kalil	Human capital, physical health, and mental health of welfare recipients: Co‐occurrence and correlates
Ariel Kalil	How welfare reform is affecting women's work
Ariel Kalil	Perceptions of father involvement patterns in teenage‐mother families: Predictors and links to mothers’ psychological adjustment*
Ariel Kalil	Family resilience and good child outcomes
Ariel Kalil	Sanctions and material hardship under TANF
Ariel Kalil	The effects of parental undocumented status on the developmental contexts of young children in immigrant families
Ariel Kalil	Maternal employment, work schedules, and children’s body mass index
Ariel Kalil	The importance of early childhood poverty
Ariel Kalil	Parental employment circumstances and children’s academic progress
Ariel Kalil	Happiness and the invisible threads of social connection
Ariel Kalil	Does consumption buy happiness? Evidence from the United States
Ariel Kalil	How do cohabiting couples with children spend their money?
Ariel Kalil	Mothers' economic conditions and sources of support in fragile families
Ariel Kalil	Maternal working conditions and child well-being in welfare-leaving families.
Ariel Kalil	Longitudinal patterns of nonresident fathers’ involvement: The role of resources and relations
Dexter R. Voisin	The effects of family and community violence exposure among youth: Recommendations for practice and policy
Dexter R. Voisin	The relationship between violence exposure and HIV sexual risk behaviors: Does gender matter?
Dexter R. Voisin	HIV risks of men in methadone maintenance treatment programs who abuse their intimate partners: a forgotten issue
Dexter R. Voisin	Ecological factors associated with STD risk behaviors among detained female adolescents
Dexter R. Voisin	Teacher connectedness and health-related outcomes among detained adolescents
Dexter R. Voisin	Family ecology and HIV sexual risk behaviors among African American and Puerto Rican adolescent males
Dexter R. Voisin	Community violence exposure and adolescent delinquency: Examining a spectrum of promotive factors
Dexter R. Voisin	Community collaborative youth-focused HIV/AIDS prevention in South Africa and Trinidad: preliminary findings
Dexter R. Voisin	“You’re an open target to be abused”: A qualitative study of stigma and HIV self-disclosure among Black men who have sex with men
Dexter R. Voisin	Victims of community violence and HIV sexual risk behaviors among African American adolescent males
Dexter R. Voisin	“It's crazy being a Black, gay youth.” Getting information about HIV prevention: A pilot study
Dexter R. Voisin	Mechanisms linking violence exposure and school engagement among African American adolescents: Examining the roles of psychological problem behaviors and gender.
Dexter R. Voisin	The association between gang involvement and sexual behaviours among detained adolescent males
Dexter R. Voisin	Witnessing community violence and health‐risk behaviors among detained adolescents
Dexter R. Voisin	African American adolescents living and coping with community violence on Chicago’s Southside
Dexter R. Voisin	A conceptual model of HIV disclosure in casual sexual encounters among men who have sex with men
Dexter R. Voisin	A meditational model linking witnessing intimate partner violence and bullying behaviors and victimization among youth
Dexter R. Voisin	Toward a conceptual model linking community violence exposure to HIV-related risk behaviors among adolescents: Directions for research
Dexter R. Voisin	Community violence and health risk factors among adolescents on Chicago's southside: does gender matter?
Dexter R. Voisin	Ecological factors associated with sexual risk behaviors among detained adolescents: A systematic review
Christopher Berry	The divergence of human capital levels across cities
Christopher Berry	The president and the distribution of federal spending
Christopher Berry	The Jackie (and Jill) Robinson effect: why do congresswomen outperform congressmen?
Christopher Berry	Accountability and local elections: Rethinking retrospective voting
Christopher Berry	A Bridge to Somewhere: Mapping State and Congressional Ideology on a Cross‐Institutional Common Space
Christopher Berry	The unbundled executive
Christopher Berry	Imperfect Union: Representation and taxation in multilevel governments
Christopher Berry	After enactment: The lives and deaths of federal programs
Christopher Berry	Why are smart places getting smarter
Christopher Berry	Growing pains: The school consolidation movement and student outcomes
Christopher Berry	Piling on: Multilevel government and the fiscal common‐pool
Christopher Berry	Land use regulation and residential segregation: Does zoning matter?
Christopher Berry	To Bank or Not to Bank? A Survey ofLow-Income Households
Christopher Berry	School inflation
Christopher Berry	Cardinals or clerics? Congressional committees and the distribution of pork
Christopher Berry	The changing dynamics of urban America
Christopher Berry	Election timing and public policy
Christopher Berry	The timing of elections
Christopher Berry	Fiscal consequences of electoral institutions
Christopher Berry	The impact of school finance judgments on state fiscal policy
Steve Cicala	When does regulation distort costs? lessons from fuel procurement in us electricity generation
Steve Cicala	Self-Selection and Comparative Advantage in Social Interactions
Steve Cicala	Imperfect markets versus imperfect regulation in US electricity generation
Steve Cicala	Regulating Markups in US Health Insurance
Steve Cicala	Comments and Discussion
Steve Cicala	Books & Publications
Steve Cicala	Books & Publications
Ethan Bueno de Mesquita	The quality of terror
Ethan Bueno de Mesquita	The propaganda of the deed: Terrorism, counterterrorism, and mobilization
Ethan Bueno de Mesquita	Conciliation, counterterrorism, and patterns of terrorist violence
Ethan Bueno de Mesquita	Regime change and revolutionary entrepreneurs
Ethan Bueno de Mesquita	Electoral Selection, Strategic Challenger Entry, and the Incumbency Advantage
Ethan Bueno de Mesquita	Disentangling Accountability and Competence in Elections: Evidence from US Term Limits
Ethan Bueno de Mesquita	Elections with platform and valence competition
Ethan Bueno de Mesquita	Delivering the goods: Legislative particularism in different electoral and institutional settings
Ethan Bueno de Mesquita	Politics and the suboptimal provision of counterterror
Ethan Bueno de Mesquita	Informative precedent and intrajudicial communication
Ethan Bueno de Mesquita	Regulatory quality under imperfect oversight
Ethan Bueno de Mesquita	Is voter competence good for voters?: Information, rationality, and democratic performance
Ethan Bueno de Mesquita	Rebel tactics
Ethan Bueno de Mesquita	Informative party labels with institutional and electoral variation
Ethan Bueno de Mesquita	Terrorist factions
Ethan Bueno de Mesquita	The terrorist endgame: A model with moral hazard and learning
Ethan Bueno de Mesquita	Monotone comparative statics for models of politics
Ethan Bueno de Mesquita	The political economy of terrorism: A selective overview of recent work
Ethan Bueno de Mesquita	Strategic and nonpolicy voting: a coalitional analysis of Israeli electoral reform
Ethan Bueno de Mesquita	Accountability and information in elections
Katherine Baicker	The Oregon Health Insurance Experiment: Evidence from the First Year
Katherine Baicker	Workplace wellness programs can generate savings
Katherine Baicker	The Oregon experiment—effects of Medicaid on clinical outcomes
Katherine Baicker	Medicare spending, the physician workforce, and beneficiaries' quality of care
Katherine Baicker	Mortality and access to care among adults after state Medicaid expansions
Katherine Baicker	The spillover effects of state spending
Katherine Baicker	Medicaid increases emergency-department use: evidence from Oregon's Health Insurance Experiment
Katherine Baicker	Who you are and where you live: how race and geography affect the treatment of Medicare beneficiaries
Katherine Baicker	The labor market effects of rising health insurance premiums
Katherine Baicker	Geographic variation in health care and the problem of measuring racial disparities
Katherine Baicker	Geographic variation in the appropriate use of cesarean delivery
Katherine Baicker	Malpractice liability costs and the practice of medicine in the Medicare program
Katherine Baicker	Changes in mortality after Massachusetts health care reform: a quasi-experimental study
Katherine Baicker	The effect of malpractice liability on the delivery of health care
Katherine Baicker	Patient cost-sharing and healthcare spending growth
Katherine Baicker	The effects of Medicaid coverage—learning from the Oregon experiment
Katherine Baicker	The impact of Medicaid on labor market activity and program participation: evidence from the Oregon Health Insurance Experiment
Katherine Baicker	Finders keepers: Forfeiture laws, policing incentives, and local budgets
Katherine Baicker	Behavioral hazard in health insurance
Katherine Baicker	Health insurance coverage and take‐up: Lessons from behavioral economics
Alicia Menendez	Sex differences in obesity rates in poor countries: evidence from South Africa
Alicia Menendez	Fertility changes in Latin America in periods of economic uncertainty
Alicia Menendez	Does money empower the elderly? Evidence from the Agincourt demographic surveillance site, South Africa1
Alicia Menendez	Public university in Argentina: subsidizing the rich?
Alicia Menendez	The Cape Area Panel Study: Overview and Technical Documentation Waves 1-2-3-4 (2002-2006)
Alicia Menendez	The impact of AIDS on intergenerational support in South Africa: Evidence from the Cape Area Panel Study
Alicia Menendez	Paying the piper: the high cost of funerals in South Africa
Alicia Menendez	The Cape Area Panel Study: a very short introduction to the integrated waves 1-2-3-4 data
Alicia Menendez	Why Have Urban Poverty and Income Inequality Increased So Much? Argentina, 1991–2001
Alicia Menendez	Health seeking behaviour in northern KwaZulu-Natal
Alicia Menendez	Paying the piper: The high cost of funerals in South Africa
Alicia Menendez	Paying the piper: The high cost of funerals in South Africa
Alicia Menendez	Medical compliance and income-health gradients
Alicia Menendez	Social protection and labor market outcomes of youth in South Africa
Alicia Menendez	Requiescat in Pace? The consequences of high-priced funerals in South Africa
Alicia Menendez	The returns to flexible postsecondary education: The effect of delaying school
Alicia Menendez	Health seeking behavior in northern KwaZulu-Natal
Alicia Menendez	Early childbearing, human capital attainment and mortality risk: Evidence from a longitudinal demographic surveillance area in rural-KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Alicia Menendez	From intervention to invitation: reshaping adolescent sexual health through story telling and games
Alicia Menendez	Wage Dispersion in Argentina, 1976–93: Trade Liberalization amidst Inflation, Stabilization, and Overvaluation
Bruce D. Meyer	Unemployment insurance and unemployment spells
Bruce D. Meyer	Comparative government and politics
Bruce D. Meyer	Welfare, the earned income tax credit, and the labor supply of single mothers
Bruce D. Meyer	The impact of the potential duration of unemployment benefits on the duration of unemployment
Bruce D. Meyer	Ethnic and racial self-employment differences and possible explanations
Bruce D. Meyer	Ethnic and racial self-employment differences and possible explanations
Bruce D. Meyer	Lessons from the US unemployment insurance experiments
Bruce D. Meyer	Labor supply effects of social insurance
Bruce D. Meyer	A longitudinal analysis of the young self-employed in Australia and the United States
Bruce D. Meyer	Workers' compensation and injury duration: evidence from a natural experiment
Bruce D. Meyer	Measuring the well-being of the poor using income and consumption
Bruce D. Meyer	Unemployment insurance, recall expectations, and unemployment outcomes
Bruce D. Meyer	Making single mothers work: Recent tax and welfare policy and its effects
Bruce D. Meyer	The extent and consequences of job turnover
Bruce D. Meyer	The under-reporting of transfers in household surveys: its nature and consequences
Bruce D. Meyer	Unemployment insurance takeup rates and the after-tax value of benefits
Bruce D. Meyer	Why are there so few black entrepreneurs?
Bruce D. Meyer	Trends in self-employment among white and black men during the twentieth century
Bruce D. Meyer	The effects of the unemployment insurance payroll tax on wages, employment, claims and denials
Bruce D. Meyer	Labor supply at the extensive and intensive margins: The EITC, welfare, and hours worked
Kerwin Kofi Charles	Conspicuous consumption and race
Kerwin Kofi Charles	The correlation of wealth across generations
Kerwin Kofi Charles	Accounting for the Black–White Wealth Gap
Kerwin Kofi Charles	Job displacement, disability, and divorce
Kerwin Kofi Charles	Prejudice and Wages: An Empirical Assessment of Becker’s The Economics of Discrimination
Kerwin Kofi Charles	Is retirement depressing?: Labor force inactivity and psychological well-being in later life
Kerwin Kofi Charles	The transition to home ownership and the black-white wealth gap
Kerwin Kofi Charles	Can family caregiving substitute for nursing home care?
Kerwin Kofi Charles	Male incarceration, the marriage market, and female outcomes
Kerwin Kofi Charles	Local labor market fluctuations and health: is there a connection and for whom?
Kerwin Kofi Charles	Gender differences in completed schooling
Kerwin Kofi Charles	Housing Booms, Manufacturing Decline, and Labor Market Outcomes
Kerwin Kofi Charles	The longitudinal structure of earnings losses among work-limited disabled workers
Kerwin Kofi Charles	Relational costs and the production of social capital: Evidence from carpooling
Kerwin Kofi Charles	Taste‐based or Statistical Discrimination: The Economics of Discrimination Returns to its Roots
Kerwin Kofi Charles	Studying discrimination: Fundamental challenges and recent progress
Kerwin Kofi Charles	Housing booms and busts, labor market opportunities, and college attendance
Kerwin Kofi Charles	Abortion legalization and Adolescent Substance use
Kerwin Kofi Charles	The masking of the decline in manufacturing employment by the housing bubble
Kerwin Kofi Charles	Marital sorting and parental wealth
Dan A. Black	Demographics of the gay and lesbian population in the United States: Evidence from available systematic data sources
Dan A. Black	How robust is the evidence on the effects of college quality? Evidence from matching
Dan A. Black	On-the-Job Training
Dan A. Black	Job matching and on-the-job training
Dan A. Black	Is the threat of reemployment services more effective than the services themselves? Evidence from random assignment in the UI system
Dan A. Black	Employer size: The implications for search, training, capital investment, starting wages, and wage growth
Dan A. Black	Discrimination in an equilibrium search model
Dan A. Black	The Earnings Effect of Sexual Orientation
Dan A. Black	Estimating the returns to college quality with multiple proxies for quality
Dan A. Black	Do right-to-carry laws deter violent crime?
Dan A. Black	Bidding for firms
Dan A. Black	The economic impact of the coal boom and bust
Dan A. Black	The impact of economic conditions on participation in disability programs: Evidence from the coal boom and bust
Dan A. Black	Gender differences in training, capital, and wages
Dan A. Black	How well do we measure training?
Dan A. Black	Child care subsidies, quality of care, and the labor supply of low-income, single mothers
Dan A. Black	Why do gay men live in San Francisco?
Dan A. Black	The economics of lesbian and gay families
Dan A. Black	Bounding parameter estimates with nonclassical measurement error
Dan A. Black	College quality and wages in the United States
William Howell	Power without persuasion: The politics of direct presidential action
William Howell	The education gap: Vouchers and urban schools
William Howell	The presidential power of unilateral action
William Howell	While dangers gather: Congressional checks on presidential war powers
William Howell	The president and the distribution of federal spending
William Howell	Divided government and the legislative productivity of Congress, 1945-94
William Howell	Unilateral action and presidential power: A theory
William Howell	School vouchers and academic performance: Results from three randomized field trials
William Howell	Accountability and local elections: Rethinking retrospective voting
William Howell	Agencies by presidential design
William Howell	The politics of race
William Howell	Presidents, Congress, and the use of force
William Howell	Toward a broader understanding of presidential power: A reevaluation of the two presidencies thesis
William Howell	School Choice in New York City after Three Years: An Evaluation of the School Choice Scholarships Program. Final Report.
William Howell	Unilateral powers: A brief overview
William Howell	Besieged: School boards and the future of education politics
William Howell	School vouchers. Results from randomized experiments
William Howell	Lessons from the Cleveland Scholarship Program.
William Howell	After enactment: The lives and deaths of federal programs
William Howell	An Evaluation of the Cleveland Voucher Program after Two Years.
Jens Ludwig	Does Head Start improve children's life chances? Evidence from a regression discontinuity design
Jens Ludwig	Urban poverty and juvenile crime: Evidence from a randomized housing-mobility experiment
Jens Ludwig	Neighborhood effects on crime for female and male youth: Evidence from a randomized housing voucher experiment
Jens Ludwig	Neighborhoods, obesity, and diabetes—a randomized social experiment
Jens Ludwig	Broken windows: New evidence from New York City and a five-city social experiment
Jens Ludwig	Neighborhood effects on the long-term well-being of low-income adults
Jens Ludwig	The burden of “acting White”: Do Black adolescents disparage academic achievement
Jens Ludwig	Gun violence: The real costs
Jens Ludwig	Investing in our future: The evidence base on preschool education
Jens Ludwig	What can we learn about neighborhood effects from the moving to opportunity experiment?
Jens Ludwig	The endogeneity problem in developmental studies
Jens Ludwig	Homicide and suicide rates associated with implementation of the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act
Jens Ludwig	Moving to opportunity for fair housing demonstration program: Final impacts evaluation
Jens Ludwig	Weighing the “burden of ‘acting white’”: Are there race differences in attitudes toward education?
Jens Ludwig	A diagnostic analysis of black-white GPA disparities in Shaker Heights, Ohio
Jens Ludwig	The benefits and costs of Head Start
Jens Ludwig	Long-term neighborhood effects on low-income families: Evidence from Moving to Opportunity
Jens Ludwig	Guns in America: results of a comprehensive national survey on firearms ownership and use
Jens Ludwig	Urban poverty and educational outcomes [with comments]
Jens Ludwig	Concealed-gun-carrying laws and violent crime: evidence from state panel data
Scott Ashworth	Electoral accountability: recent theoretical and empirical work
Scott Ashworth	Reputational dynamics and political careers
Scott Ashworth	Electoral selection, strategic challenger entry, and the incumbency advantage
Scott Ashworth	Elections with platform and valence competition
Scott Ashworth	Delivering the goods: Legislative particularism in different electoral and institutional settings
Scott Ashworth	Campaign finance and voter welfare with entrenched incumbents
Scott Ashworth	Is voter competence good for voters?: Information, rationality, and democratic performance
Scott Ashworth	Design, inference, and the strategic logic of suicide terrorism
Scott Ashworth	Monotone comparative statics for models of politics
Scott Ashworth	Informative party labels with institutional and electoral variation
Scott Ashworth	Does informative media commentary reduce politicians' incentives to pander?
Scott Ashworth	Does advertising exposure affect turnout?
Scott Ashworth	Accountability and information in elections
Scott Ashworth	Learning about voter rationality
Scott Ashworth	Unified versus Divided Political Authority
Scott Ashworth	The economics of campaign finance
Scott Ashworth	Challengers and Electoral Accountability
Scott Ashworth	Should audiences cost? optimal domestic constraints in international crises
Scott Ashworth	Targeted Campaigns with Ambiguity-Averse Voters
Scott Ashworth	Party discipline, executive power, and ideological balance
Konstantin Sonin	Why the rich may favor poor protection of property rights
Konstantin Sonin	Why resource-poor dictators allow freer media: A theory and evidence from panel data
Konstantin Sonin	Теория экономических механизмов
Konstantin Sonin	Dictators and their viziers: Endogenizing the loyalty–competence trade‐off
Konstantin Sonin	A Political Theory of Populism
Konstantin Sonin	Government control of the media
Konstantin Sonin	Determinants of nationalization in the oil sector: A theory and evidence from panel data
Konstantin Sonin	Are Russian commercial courts biased? Evidence from a bankruptcy law transplant
Konstantin Sonin	Coalition formation in non-democracies
Konstantin Sonin	Экономический механизм сырьевой модели развития
Konstantin Sonin	Dynamics and stability of constitutions, coalitions, and clubs
Konstantin Sonin	Экономика ресурсного проклятия
Konstantin Sonin	Businessman candidates
Konstantin Sonin	Field experiment estimate of electoral fraud in Russian parliamentary elections
Konstantin Sonin	Collusive market sharing and corruption in procurement
Konstantin Sonin	Political selection and persistence of bad governments
Konstantin Sonin	Dictators and oligarchs: A dynamic theory of contested property rights
Konstantin Sonin	Provincial protectionism
Konstantin Sonin	Институциональная теория бесконечного передела
Konstantin Sonin	Formal models of nondemocratic politics
Anjali Adukia	Sanitation and Education
Anjali Adukia	Educational investment responses to economic opportunity: evidence from Indian road construction
Anjali Adukia	The Impact of the Financial Crisis on Tertiary Education World Wide: A Pilot Study
Anjali Adukia	Spillover Impacts on Education from Employment Guarantees
Eric Potash	Predictive modeling for public health: Preventing childhood lead poisoning
Eric Potash	Euclidean embeddings and Riemannian Bergman metrics
Eric Potash	Randomization Bias in Field Trials to Evaluate Targeting Methods
Eric Potash	Applying Machine Learning Methods to Enhance the Distribution of Social Services in Mexico
Eric Potash	Predictive Modeling for Environmental Protection: Hazardous Waste Management
Michael Schnabel	Universality in the evolution of orientation columns in the visual cortex
Michael Schnabel	Self-organization and the selection of pinwheel density in visual cortical development
Michael Schnabel	Response to comment on “universality in the evolution of orientation columns in the visual cortex “
Michael Schnabel	Dynamic transcription factor networks in epithelial-mesenchymal transition in breast cancer models
Michael Schnabel	Interareal coordination of columnar architectures during visual cortical development
Michael Schnabel	Random waves in the brain: Symmetries and defect generation in the visual cortex
Michael Schnabel	A symmetry of the visual world in the architecture of the visual cortex
Michael Schnabel	Fake symmetry transitions in lattice Dirac spectra
Michael Schnabel	Stock fluctuations are correlated and amplified across networks of interlocking directorates
Michael Schnabel	Pinwheel stability, pattern selection and the geometry of visual space
Michael Schnabel	Signatures of shift-twist symmetry in natural images and orientation maps
Michael Schnabel	Eine Symmetrie der visuellen Welt in der Architektur des visuellen Kortex.
Michael Schnabel	Pattern selection, pinwheel stability and the geometry of visual space
Michael Schnabel	Quantitative universality and non-local interactions in neural pattern formation
Michael Schnabel	Emergence of hyper-hexagonal patterns in orientation map models of reduced rotation symmetry
Michael Schnabel	Random-Matrix-Modelle für die zweidimensionale Gitter-QED
Michael Schnabel	Functional map development in the visual cortex is coordinated among areas.
Koichiro Ito	Do Consumers Respond to Marginal or Average Price? Evidence from Nonlinear Electricity Pricing
Koichiro Ito	The persistence of moral suasion and economic incentives: field experimental evidence from energy demand
Koichiro Ito	The economics of attribute-based regulation: Theory and evidence from fuel economy standards
Koichiro Ito	Asymmetric incentives in subsidies: Evidence from a large-scale electricity rebate program
Koichiro Ito	Sequential markets, market power, and arbitrage
Koichiro Ito	How do consumers respond to nonlinear pricing? Evidence from household electricity demand
Koichiro Ito	Willingness to pay for clean air: Evidence from air purifier markets in China
Koichiro Ito	How do consumers respond to nonlinear pricing? Evidence from household water demand
Koichiro Ito	Reforming Japan’s Power Industry
Koichiro Ito	Nonlinear Pricing in Energy and Environmental Markets
Koichiro Ito	Blowin’in the Wind: Sequential Markets, Market Power and Arbitrage
Koichiro Ito	How Do Consumers Respond to Dynamic Pricing? Experimental Evidence of Variable Critical Peak Electricity Pricing⇤
Koichiro Ito	Economic Policy A
Koichiro Ito	SIEPR
Peter Buisseret	Electoral control and the human capital of politicians
Peter Buisseret	Dynamics of policymaking: Stepping back to leap forward, stepping forward to keep back
Peter Buisseret	“Together or Apart”? On Joint versus Separate Electoral Accountability
Peter Buisseret	Electoral Accountability in Multi-Member Districts
Peter Buisseret	Electoral Competition with Entry under Non-Majoritarian Run-Off Rules
Peter Buisseret	Crashing the party? elites, outsiders, and elections
Peter Buisseret	Investing in Failure: Belief Manipulation and Strategic Experimentation
Peter Buisseret	Communicating and investing in policy expertise: A case for primaries
Peter Buisseret	Competing Principals? Legislative Representation in List PR Systems
Peter Buisseret	Reelection and renegotiation: International agreements in the shadow of the polls
Peter Buisseret	The Race to the Base
Peter Buisseret	Essays in Political Economy and Strategic Experimentation
Peter Buisseret	Investing in Failure: Experimentation and Belief Manipulation
Wioletta Dziuda	The euro changeover and its effects on price transparency and inflation
Wioletta Dziuda	Strategic argumentation
Wioletta Dziuda	Dynamic collective choice with endogenous status quo
Wioletta Dziuda	Asymmetric information, portfolio managers, and home bias
Wioletta Dziuda	Communication with detectable deceit
Wioletta Dziuda	Dynamic pivotal politics
Wioletta Dziuda	Achieving cooperation under privacy concerns
Wioletta Dziuda	Gridlock and inefficient policy instruments
Wioletta Dziuda	Essays on Asymmetric Information Economics
Wioletta Dziuda	THE CARLO ALBERTO NOTEBOOKS
Peter Ganong	Why has regional income convergence in the US declined?
Peter Ganong	The decline, rebound, and further rise in SNAP enrollment: Disentangling business cycle fluctuations and policy changes
Peter Ganong	How Do Changes in Housing Voucher Design Affect Rent and Neighborhood Quality?
Peter Ganong	A permutation test and estimation alternatives for the regression kink design
Peter Ganong	Consumer spending during unemployment: Positive and normative implications
Peter Ganong	The effect of debt on default and consumption: Evidence from housing policy in the great recession
Peter Ganong	Criminal rehabilitation, incapacitation, and aging
Peter Ganong	Liquidity vs. Wealth in Household Debt Obligations: Evidence from Housing Policy in the Great Recession
Peter Ganong	Liquidity vs Wealth in Household Debt Obligations: Evidence from Housing Policy in the Great Recession–Online Appendix
Christopher Blattman	Civil war
Christopher Blattman	From Violence to Voting: War and political participation in Uganda
Christopher Blattman	Winners and losers in the commodity lottery: The impact of terms of trade growth and volatility in the Periphery 1870-1939
Christopher Blattman	The Consequences of Child Soldiering
Christopher Blattman	Generating skilled self-employment in developing countries: Experimental evidence from Uganda
Christopher Blattman	Economic shocks and conflict: Evidence from commodity prices
Christopher Blattman	The state of youth and youth protection in Northern Uganda
Christopher Blattman	Civil War, Reintegration, and Gender in northern Uganda
Christopher Blattman	The Logic of Child Soldiering and Coercion
Christopher Blattman	The returns to cash and microenterprise support among the ultra-poor: A field experiment
Christopher Blattman	Reducing crime and violence: Experimental evidence from cognitive behavioral therapy in Liberia
Christopher Blattman	Child combatants in northern Uganda
Christopher Blattman	How to promote order and property rights under weak rule of law? An experiment in changing dispute resolution behavior through community education
Christopher Blattman	Can employment reduce lawlessness and rebellion? A field experiment with high-risk men in a fragile state
Christopher Blattman	The state of female youth in northern Uganda: Findings from the survey of war affected youth
Christopher Blattman	Can war foster cooperation?
Christopher Blattman	Assessing the Need and Potential of Community Networking for Development in Rural India Special Issue: ICTs and Community Networking
Christopher Blattman	Generating employment in poor and fragile states: Evidence from labor market and entrepreneurship programs
Christopher Blattman	On the nature and causes of LRA abduction: What the abductees say
Christopher Blattman	The Lord's Resistance Army: Myth and Reality
Oeindrila Dube	Commodity price shocks and civil conflict: Evidence from Colombia
Oeindrila Dube	Cross-border Spillover: US Gun Laws and Violence in Mexico
Oeindrila Dube	Bases, bullets and ballots: the effect of us military aid on political conflict in colombia
Oeindrila Dube	Reconciling after civil conflict increases social capital but decreases individual well-being
Oeindrila Dube	From Maize to Haze: Agricultural Shocks and the Growth of the Mexican Drug Sector
Oeindrila Dube	The White-Man Effect: How Foreigner Presence Affects Behavior in Experiments
Oeindrila Dube	Do Natural Resources Influence Who Comes to Power, and How?
Oeindrila Dube	Queens
Oeindrila Dube	Reform Fatigue
Oeindrila Dube	Essays in the political economy of conflict and development
Ryan Kellogg	The effect of uncertainty on investment: Evidence from Texas oil drilling
Ryan Kellogg	What do consumers believe about future gasoline prices?
Ryan Kellogg	Learning by Drilling: Interfirm Learning and Relationship Persistence in the Texas Oilpatch
Ryan Kellogg	Hotelling under pressure
Ryan Kellogg	Clearing the air? the effects of gasoline content regulation on air quality
Ryan Kellogg	Welfare and distributional implications of shale gas
Ryan Kellogg	Climate amenities, climate change, and American quality of life
Ryan Kellogg	Daylight time and energy: Evidence from an Australian experiment
Ryan Kellogg	The incidence of an oil glut: who benefits from cheap crude oil in the Midwest?
Ryan Kellogg	Forecasting gasoline prices using consumer surveys
Ryan Kellogg	Career Concerns, Inaction, and Market Inefficiency: Evidence from Utility Regulation
Ryan Kellogg	The intergenerational transmission of automobile brand preferences: Empirical evidence and implications for firm strategy
Ryan Kellogg	Gasoline price uncertainty and the design of fuel economy standards
Ryan Kellogg	The pollufion haven hypothesis: significance and insignificance
Ryan Kellogg	Crude by rail, option value, and pipeline investment
Ryan Kellogg	Discussion of “Welfare and Distributional Implications of Shale Gas”
Ryan Kellogg	How oil-price shocks affect producers and consumers
Ryan Kellogg	ARE Update Volume 13, Number 5
Ryan Kellogg	Gasoline Content Regulation and Urban Air Quality
Alexander Fouirnaies	The Financial Incumbency Advantage: Causes and Consequences.
Alexander Fouirnaies	English bacon: Copartisan bias in intergovernmental grant allocation in England
Alexander Fouirnaies	Representation And District Magnitude In Plurality Systems
Alexander Fouirnaies	When Are Agenda Setters Valuable?
Alexander Fouirnaies	The Majority-Party Disadvantage: Revising Theories of Legislative Organization
Alexander Fouirnaies	The Exposure Theory of Access: Why Some Firms Seek More Access to Incumbents Than Others
Alexander Fouirnaies	How Do Interest Groups Seek Access to Committees?
Alexander Fouirnaies	How newspapers reveal political power
Alexander Fouirnaies	The Power of Legislative Leaders
Alexander Fouirnaies	The Economic Impact of Economic News
Alexander Fouirnaies	How Divisive Primaries Hurt Parties: Evidence From Near-Runoffs
Alexander Fouirnaies	Do Newspapers Benefit Incumbents?
Alexander Fouirnaies	The Gender Gap in Political Careers: Evidence from US State Legislatures
Alexander Fouirnaies	How Do Electoral Incentives Affect Legislator Behavior?
Alexander Fouirnaies	Essays on campaign finance and political power
Luis R. Martinez	Sources of revenue and government performance: Evidence from Colombia
Luis R. Martinez	Is it my money or not? An experiment on risk aversion and the house-money effect
Luis R. Martinez	Transnational insurgents: Evidence from Colombia's FARC at the border with Chávez's Venezuela
Luis R. Martinez	How Much Should We Trust the Dictator's GDP Estimates?
Luis R. Martinez	Essays on the political economy of development
Jacob Bastian	The Long-Term Impact of the Earned Income Tax Credit on Children’s Education and Employment Outcomes
Jacob Bastian	The Rise of Working Mothers and the 1975 Earned Income Tax Credit
Jacob Bastian	Unintended Consequences? More Marriage, More Children, and the EITC
Jacob Bastian	New Evidence on the Effect of Public Policy on Employment, Intergenerational Mobility, Family Structure, and Social Attitudes Towards Working Women
Fiona Burlig	Out of the Darkness and Into the Light? Development Effects of Rural Electrification
Fiona Burlig	Machine learning from schools about energy efficiency
Fiona Burlig	Out of the darkness and into the light? Development effects of electrification in India
Fiona Burlig	Out of the Darkness and Into the Light
Fiona Burlig	Improving transparency in observational social science research: A pre-analysis plan approach
Fiona Burlig	Panel data and experimental design
Fiona Burlig	Reap What Your Friends Sow: Social Networks and Technology Adoption
Fiona Burlig	PCPANEL: Stata module to perform power calculations for randomized experiments with panel data, allowing for arbitrary serial correlation
Fiona Burlig	Essays in Energy and Development Economics
Fiona Burlig	Power calculations and clustering: New techniques for transparent social science research Pre-analysis plan
